>> Estelle Weyl: So captions,
a caption basically specifies
what the title is of the table.
It should be descriptive enough to
indicate to a user what's involved.
It is always the first child at the table,
you don't always need to include one, but
it improves accessibility and
there's certain things you can do with it.
You can position it either on the top or
on the bottom with caption side, and
in Firefox you can actually position
it on the left or on the right.
You can style it, and it does inherit
properties from the table element.
It is nested within the table and
will inherit.
So supported in all browsers is caption
slide top, and caption slide bottom.
And then experimental,
which is supported in Firefox,
is caption side left, right,
top outside, and bottom outside.
And basically the outside means
the caption will fit into the same width
as the table.
But if you would say outside it wont
wrap it it will actually continue.
And then in the specification
is inline start and inline end.
And deprecated is the actual attribute
on the table which would be a line,
left top right and bottom, which is
actually has nothing to do with caption
side, it has to do with the table itself.
Okay, so here is my caption right here on
the bottom.
>> Estelle Weyl: So
the default is top.
>> Estelle Weyl: Or I can do bottom.
That's exciting.
If you wanna open it up in a Firefox,
you can play with the other values.
So, here I declare the caption because
a caption is an element, right?
And you can style it.
You can style it like you
would any other element,
font, weight.
>> Estelle Weyl: Bold.
Padding, 40 pixels.
Right, you can just basically
style it like anything.
The thing to note basically is caption
side goes underneath the table.
And let's say I got rid of the color here
>> Estelle Weyl: I had put it up here,
it would make the whole thing red.
So it's inheriting properties
that are normally inherited.
So that's the caption and
you learned HTML.
Yes?
>> Student: If I wanted to
display the caption for
accessibility purposes.
But I didn't want it to actually display
visually, could I do display none or
would that take it out of both contexts?
>> Estelle Weyl: Display none would,
screen readers do not read
anything that's display
none.
>> Student: Okay.
>> Estelle Weyl: But you could clip it so
that it takes one pixel, you could
position it absolutely, I assume.
So let's try positioning it absolutely
>> Estelle Weyl: It's gone.
The screen reader will still read that.